docs: tw691-arbitrum-chain-restructure (#3341)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/partials/_bold-config-params.mdx

| `validatorAfkBlocks`                | The validator whitelist is removed if this amount of time elapses and no assertions are confirmed by the protocol on the parent chain. This parameter is ignored if the `disableValidatorWhitelist` is true, indicating that there is no whitelist                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 28 days (4 weeks) worth of Ethereum blocks for an L2 Arbitrum chain (settling to Ethereum) or an L3 Arbitrum chain settling to Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova. If the chain settles to a different type of parent chain, you must use its parent chain's blocks in the calculation                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `disableValidatorWhitelist`         | Enables or disables the validator whitelist - effectively toggling between permissioned and permissionless BoLD. It is highly recommended that this value be set to `false`. More information can be found [here](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/validation/bold.mdx).                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `false`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disableValidatorWhitelist`         | Enables or disables the validator whitelist - effectively toggling between permissioned and permissionless BoLD. It is highly recommended that this value be set to `false`. More information can be found in the [BoLD adoption for Arbitrum chains](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/validation/bold.mdx) guide.                                                                                                                                                                            | `false`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
